.TH KUMOCTL "1" "July 2009" "kumoctl"
.SH NAME
kumoctl
.SH SYNOPSIS
kumoctl address[:port=19750] command [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Show status of kumo-manager and send control commands to kumo-manager.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B status                     
show status of the cluster
.TP
.B attach                     
attach all new servers and start replace
.TP
.B attach-noreplace           
attach all new servers
.TP
.B detach                     
detach all fault servers and start replace
.TP
.B detach-noreplace           
detach all fault servers
.TP
.B replace                    
start replace without attach/detach
.TP
.B full-replace               
start full-replace (repair consistency)
.TP
.B backup  [suffix=20090304]  
create backup with specified suffix
.TP
.B enable-auto-replace        
enable auto replace
.TP
.B disable-auto-replace       
disable auto replace
.SH STATUS
.TP
.B hash space timestamp  
The time that the list of attached kumo-servers is updated. It is updated when new kumo-server is added or existing kumo-server is down.
.TP
.B attached node         
The list of attached kumo-servers. (active) is normal node and (fault) is fault node or recoverd but not re-attached node.
.TP
.B not attached node     
The list of recognized but not-attached nodes.
.SH AUTO REPLACING
By default, you have to attach new kumo-servers manually using
.B kumoctl
command. If the auto replacing is enabled, new kumo-servers are attached automatically.
This is experimental feature.
.SH EXAMPLE
$ kumoctl mgr1 status
.PP
$ kumoctl mgr1 attach
.SH SEE ALSO
kumo-manager(1).
